Update ethereum.org roadmap (#14727)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/about/index.md

## Product roadmap {#roadmap}

> To make our work more accessible and to foster more community collaboration, the ethereum.org core team publishes an overview of our cyclical roadmap goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make our work more accessible and to foster more community collaboration, the ethereum.org core team publishes an overview of our [shape up cycle](https://www.productplan.com/glossary/shape-up-method/) roadmap goals.
```

Just making this a big more verbose so people can get some more information. But this looks good.
